Thu Mar  5 11:22:22 CST 2015

KB: 1492976	/mnt/lfs

strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/audit' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/expect5.45' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/gawk' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/gcc' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/gconv' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/itcl4.0.2' is not an ordinary file
strip:/tools/lib/libasan.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libatomic.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libbfd.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libblkid.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libc.so: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libcheck.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libcilkrts.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libcilkrts.spec: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libfdisk.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libitm.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libitm.spec: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/liblsan.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/liblzma.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libmagic.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libmount.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libopcodes.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libpthread.so: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libquadmath.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libsanitizer.spec: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libsmartcols.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libssp.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libssp_nonshared.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libstdc++.a-gdb.py: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libstdc++.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libstdc++.so.6.0.20-gdb.py: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libsupc++.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libtsan.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libubsan.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libuuid.la: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/libvtv.la: File format not recognized
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/perl5' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/pkgconfig' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/sqlite3.8.7.1' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/tcl8' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/tcl8.6' is not an ordinary file
strip:/tools/lib/tclConfig.sh: File format not recognized
strip:/tools/lib/tclooConfig.sh: File format not recognized
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/tdbc1.0.2' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/tdbcmysql1.0.2' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/tdbcodbc1.0.2' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/tdbcpostgres1.0.2' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/terminfo' is not an ordinary file
strip: Warning: '/tools/lib/thread2.7.1' is not an ordinary file
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/bashbug: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/bzcmp: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/bzdiff: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/bzegrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/bzfgrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/bzgrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/bzless: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/bzmore: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/catchsegv: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/checkmk: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/egrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/fgrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/gunzip: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/gzexe: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/igawk: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/ldd: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/lzcmp: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/lzdiff: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/lzegrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/lzfgrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/lzgrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/lzless: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/lzmore: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/makeinfo: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/mtrace: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/ncursesw5-config: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/pdftexi2dvi: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/pod2man: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/pod2texi: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/runtest: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/sotruss: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/texi2any: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/texi2dvi: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/texi2pdf: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/tzselect: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/uncompress: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/updatedb: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/xtrace: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/xzcmp: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/xzdiff: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/xzegrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/xzfgrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/xzgrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/xzless: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/xzmore: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/zcat: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/zcmp: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/zdiff: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/zegrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/zfgrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/zforce: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/zgrep: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/zless: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/zmore: File format not recognized
/usr/bin/strip:/tools/bin/znew: File format not recognized


Totalseconds: 1


KB: 1159388	/mnt/lfs

